Feb 3rd, 2020
Spent an hour in-class on writing user stories, giving estimates for how much time each one would take, and then prioritizing them.

Feb 11th, 2020
Pair Programming:
Spent an hour and a half getting board to work with defaulted ship placement.
Spent an hour on being able to manually place ships.
Spent an hour adding the ability to shoot (still not finished).
TOTAL: 3.5 hours (Pair Programming)
Thoughts: 
We originally predicted it would take an hour to create the board, but it took us 1.5 hours.
We also said it would take 2 hours to get each player able to place their ships, and we worked
on it for an hour but didn't manage to finish it. In order to take a break from it but still make
some progress, we moved on to starting the code for shooting your opponent, which we predicted would
take 1 hours to implement. While we didn't complete being able to manually place ships, I'd say we
are about halfway done with it and we made good progress toward shooting the opponent.
Difficulty Points / Hour: About 0.8

Feb 13th, 2020
Pair Programming:
Spent an hour and a half fixing manual placement of ships (screen clears with each space moved, can't move ship off the board).
Spent a half-hour cleaning up code and making unit tests and the player grids display together correctly.
TOTAL: 2 hours (Pair Programming)
Thoughts: We made significant headway on implementing manually placing ships, and then spent the last half-hour
just cleaning up our code, which may make it seem like we didn't get much done, but it felt like what we got done was
really important and it just took longer than expected.
Difficulty Points / Hour: 0.5

Feb 17th, 2020
Pair Programming:
Spent 20 minutes finishing up placement of ships (can now lock into place and be placed by BOTH players).
Spent 10 minutes adding a visual representation for the grid (in the form of tildes).
Spent a half-hour working on adding ability to shoot.
TOTAL: 1 hour (Pair Programming)
Thoughts: For the first half-hour we focused on small tasks where we met our time expectations, and then we made some progress on the code for shooting the opponent. All in all, it felt like a really productive hour.
Difficulty Points / Hour: 1.2

Feb 19th, 2020
Pair Programming:
Spent 20 minutes refactoring code to be clean code (moving code form hpp to cpp, etc.).
Spent 10 minutes adding cursor for selecting where to shoot.
Spent 30 minutes getting code to run on another computer, testing portability.
TOTAL: 1 hour (Pair Programming)
Solo Programming:
Spent 1.5 hours trying to stop the cursor from escaping the board, unsuccessfully.
Spent 4 hours working on getting tiles (ships and empty spaces alike) to recognize when they have been shot and have "X"
appear in the locations that have been shot at. Managed to get the "X"s to appear, but not in the right places.
Total: 5.5 hours (Solo Programming)
Thoughts: We worked together on some smaller tasks, but most of today was spent in solo programming. I got stuck on some
parts that I may not have gotten stuck on had we been pair programming instead of solo programming. In particular, I spent a
lot more time trying to get shot tiles to turn into "X"s than I would have liked, and it still didn't fully work
until the end.
Difficulty Points / Hour: Too low, too low.

Feb 20th, 2020
Solo Programming: Spent 20 minutes adding ability to quit the game during the shooting phase. While it wasn't
originally requested by the customer, it is undoubtedly something they would want.
Spent 20 minutes fixing where the "X"s appear after you shoot. They now display in the right locations,
except that they don't appear on ship spaces.
Spent 30 minutes trying to get "*"s to appear in spots where you've shot a ship, to no avail.
Total: 1 hour 10 minutes (Solo Programming)
Thoughts: I managed to get a good chunk of stuff working by myself in a relatively small amount of time, a refreshing
relief after the previous day.
Difficulty Points / Hour: 1.0

Overall Thoughts: We used TDD to test some of our functions, although we definitely didn't use it to test
everything.
We worked for about half of the project time in paired programming, and I noticed some benefits. In
pair programming, I was able to point out small typos Nick made and some small syntax errors that could otherwise
be a serious pain to backtrack and figure out. Additionally, whenever we had to think of an idea for how to approach
implementing a new major part of the project, having two people generating ideas allowed for a better selection when 
deciding what to implement. However, one downside of paired programming is that I sometimes found it hard to concentrate
when I wasn't the one typing.
Throughout the project, we often added new user stories that were more specific and streamlined than some of our earlier
user stories, as many of them seemed too general and didn't seem to act as good measures of progress because of that.
Additionally, many of our initial estimates for how long things would take us were clearly a bit low compared to
how long the tasks actually took for us to complete. So, if I were to do this again in the future I would definitely
estimate a bit higher.

Time Spent Writing Diary: 1.5 hours
Total Project Time: 15 hours 40 minutes
